Catalog - Added fix update for search results (#3145)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

> #### 8 May 2024 - Fix - Catalog - Remove page limit from search query [ID_39612]
> 
> Executing a search on the home page no longer limits its results to 5 items.
> Now when clicking "view all results", the user will be navigated to the browse page and see a maximum of 50 results again

Reviewer: OK to adjust as follows?
```suggestion
#### 8 May 2024 - Fix - Catalog - Maximum number of results too low when searching from home page [ID_39612]

Up to now, when you executed a search on the home page, the results were limited to 5 items. Now when you click *View all results*, this will take you to the browse page where you will see a maximum of 50 results.
```

Author: It's fine for me, but the limit of 5 results was only introduced on 22/04 (this was a bug)
